{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww12580\viewh15920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 End User License Agreement (EULA)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 Thank you for choosing to purchase a Emtype Foundry's fonts. By purchasing or using "The Fonts" you ("The User") accept all of the terms and conditions of this agreement. Emtype Foundry hereby grants a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use The Fonts conditional on the terms that follow:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Installation\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 The User is allowed to use one copy of The Fonts for the number of computers (including portables) for which a license has been given, as long as all of the computers are located in one business entity. More computers or locations require the purchase of additional licenses. The User is allowed to make one copy of The Fonts for backup purposes.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Desktop Use\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 The User may not copy, reproduce, transmit, upload, or distribute The Fonts to third parties. The User may not rent, lease, sublicense, distribute, disseminate, give away or lend The Fonts. The User may not change The Fonts format (for example, but are not limited to, from OpenType to WOFF or TrueType). The User may not re-configure the individual character shapes to make new fonts or typefaces. \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Service Bureaus\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 The User may provide a copy of The Fonts to a service bureau or commercial printer, with the job files for output for one time use related to the project to be output.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Web use\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 The User may use The Fonts in web pages as an image (gif, png, jpg, etc). Using the CSS @font-face rule is not allowed with this license, please contact Emtype Foundry for a Webfont License. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b \cf0 Font embedding\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\b0 \cf0 Embedding The Fonts in software, Apps, Games titles or in electronic devices is not allowed with this license, please contact Emtype Foundry in order to obtaining the appropriate licensing upgrade.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Copyright\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 This font software is copyright protected. This font software and all copies are and remain mental property of the manufacturer.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Limited guarantee, liability\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 Emtype Foundry guarantees for the period of 30 days (starting from the date of purchase) that there are no manufacturing faults in the font software provided by Emtype Foundry. Emtype Foundry is liable for the forwarding of a faultless product or with the repayment of the purchase price, the right to chose lies with Emtype Foundry. Emtype Foundry does not grant further warranties than the liability of an faultless product. This applies to all cases of use, e.g. the font software became unusable. There can not be made a claim for damages, e.g. loss of production, operation or production downtimes, increased consumption of material and other damage caused directly or indirectly in connection with using The Fonts.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Generally\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 Emtype Foundry reserves all rights to itself, which are not expressly granted by the present Treaty. If parts of this agreement should be ineffective, does that not affect the effectiveness of the remaining parts of this agreement. The present Treaty is subject to Spanish law.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\b Emtype Foundry\

\b0 Rambla de Catalunya 90, Despacho 7\
08008 Barcelona\
info@emtype.net\
www.emtype.net\
}